Some of the files include content that has a license different from BSD. These 
are the affected files and its licenses (each block of files is followed by 
license information):

================================================================================
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/DOMTokenList.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/dom/AttributeNamedNodeMap.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/dom/DOMNode.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/dom/DOMNodeList.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/dom/ElementList.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/dom/ExtendedNamedNodeMap.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/dom/ExtendedNodeList.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/dom/NodeFilter.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/dom/NodeIterator.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/dom/NonDocumentTypeChildNode.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/dom/ParentNode.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/dom/TreeWalker.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSConditionRule.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSCounterStyleRule.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSDeclarationRule.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSFontFeatureValuesMap.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSFontFeatureValuesRule.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSGroupingRule.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSKeyframeRule.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSKeyframesRule.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSMarginRule.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSNamespaceRule.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSNode.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSSupportsRule.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/ExtendedCSSFontFaceRule.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/ExtendedCSSMediaRule.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/ExtendedCSSPageRule.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/ExtendedCSSRule.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/ExtendedCSSRuleList.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/ExtendedCSSStyleDeclaration.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/ExtendedCSSStyleRule.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/ExtendedCSSStyleSheet.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/MediaQueryList.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/MediaQueryListListener.java
================================================================================
 SPDX short identifier: W3C-20150513
================================================================================
W3C SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENT NOTICE AND LICENSE

This work is being provided by the copyright holders under the following license.


License
 By obtaining and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree that you have
read, understood, and will comply with the following terms and conditions.

 Permission to copy, modify, and distribute this work, with or without 
modification, for any purpose and without fee or royalty is hereby granted, 
provided that you include the following on ALL copies of the work or portions 
thereof, including modifications:

- The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the
redistributed or derivative work.

- Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms and 
conditions. If none exist, the W3C Software and Document Short Notice should be
included.

- Notice of any changes or modifications, through a copyright statement on the 
new code or document such as "This software or document includes material copied
from or derived from [title and URI of the W3C document]. Copyright © [YEAR]
W3C® (MIT, ERCIM, Keio, Beihang)."


Disclaimers
 THIS WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE 
SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENT WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, 
TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.

 COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENT.

 The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising or
publicity pertaining to the work without specific, written prior permission. 
Title to copyright in this work will at all times remain with copyright holders.

================================================================================
 Files: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/nsac/*.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSAttrValue.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSCustomPropertyValue.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSEnvVariableValue.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSExpressionValue.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSFunctionValue.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSGradientValue.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSPrimitiveValue2.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSRatioValue.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/CSSUnicodeRangeValue.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/ExtendedCSSValue.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/ExtendedCSSPrimitiveValue.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/ExtendedCSSValueList.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/RGBAColor.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/parser/FontFeatureValuesHandler.java
 File: src/io/sf/carte/doc/style/css/parser/KeyframesHandler.java
================================================================================
 SPDX short identifier: W3C-19980720
================================================================================
W3C® SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE

Copyright © 1994-2002 World Wide Web Consortium, (Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology, Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique, 
Keio University). All Rights Reserved. http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/


This W3C work (including software, documents, or other related items) is being 
provided by the copyright holders under the following license. By obtaining, 
using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree that you have read, 
understood, and will comply with the following terms and conditions:

 Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its 
documentation, with or without modification,  for any purpose and without fee or
royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the following on ALL copies
of the software and documentation or portions thereof, including modifications, 
that you make:

1. The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the 
redistributed or derivative work.

2. Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms and 
conditions. If none exist, a short notice of the following form (hypertext is 
preferred, text is permitted) should be used within the body of any 
redistributed or derivative code: "Copyright © [$date-of-software] World Wide 
Web Consortium, (Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Institut National de 
Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University). All Rights 
Reserved. http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/"

3. Notice of any changes or modifications to the W3C files, including the date 
changes were made. (We recommend you provide URIs to the location from which the
code is derived.)


 THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE
NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT 
THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.

 COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.

 The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising or
publicity pertaining to the software without specific, written prior permission.
Title to copyright in this software and any associated documentation will at all
times remain with copyright holders.

================================================================================
